In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up
to someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are
all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up
the real emotions,
they still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
The time has come
for the decisive battle.
Inventory, check.
All good.
Appearances, check.
Language, check.
Don't worry, Sir!
I got it, Sir!
Though this is nothing reassuring...
We've done all we could.
It's time...
(Mission: 4 - An Interview at a the Prestigious School)
...for the interview exam at Eden College!
So big...!
It's the top-class school
in the country, after all.
There's a lot of applicants too...
All of them are our rivals.
Anya, are you okay with this crowd?
I'm good, Sir!
Let's go, then.
This feeling...
There's no mistaking it.
I've already felt this
same sensation so many times.
Someone is watching over me.
Could there be an enemy in the crowd?
Enemy?
Feels like someone's watching us...
No, this isn't it.
Looks like it's not only
me they're watching over.
This probing, unpleasant stare...
There they are.
Four in the corridor.
Four in the bell tower.
And a few bunch in both buildings.
I have almost the entire list of
officials at this school in my head.
Those are the teachers.
They must be watching
every move we make...
...judging whether we're
worthy of this school.
In other words,
the exam has already begun.
Keep your guard up, people.
We're being watched by the examiners.
Just do as we've practiced.
B-68, fail.
A-12, fail.
G-114, pass.
The quality of this year's
candidates is quite low, I see.
They're all lacking elegance.
Good morning, Master!
(Eden College - Housemaster)
I am displeased just to have
those crude footsteps...
...trampling on our elite
Eden College's grounds.
Elegance makes tradition.
Elegance is indeed what makes
the world of man a paradise.
Be sure to disqualify all
families that are inelegant.
Yes, Sir!
Oh...
Looks like there are still some
with a touch of elegance.
They're paying respect to
the statue of the first headmaster?!
I, Twilight, have used hundreds,
if not thousands, of different faces.
It's no big deal to act as
the ideal person they want me to be!
Look at me!
I don't really know who
this person might be,
but I guess I'll be fine if I just
do what Loid's doing, right?
Old baldy.
E-Elegant...
Very elegant!
Just whoever is that family?!
K-212, the Forgers.
Their daughter, Anya, barely passed
the written examination with 31 points.
Not elegant!
The handwriting's so sloppy!
Did the father get remarried?
Are they an impromptu
family aiming for a seat?
We won't know until we find out...
Whether they possess the
true quality of elegance...
We'll check your exam
vouchers over here!
G-114, please come to Venue 1.
A-12, right?
Please come to Venue 2.
So they're sifting us out already?
K-212, right?
Please come to Venue 1.
We still have eyes on us.
Stay alert.
It makes me nervous to
think I'm being watched...
Anya wants to poke
out some boogers.
No, you don't.
Oh, no!
- I'm stuck in a drain and can't get out!
- Huh... He's obviously trying too hard.
- What should I do now?!
- I really need some help here!
- No one trying to come near him...
- What should I do now?!
- ...must be because they think he's nuts.
- I can't believe there's a drain here!
- But if it's part of the exam,
- then we have to clear it...
- It's a shocking reality!
Ah~ I'm stuck here!
Father! Mother!
Someone is in trouble, Sir!
Let's help him, Sir!
You okay?
My legs are slipping!
- I can't get up!
- This is all for my credit! My credit!
Right.
One can't possibly ruin their clothing
when they have an interview scheduled.
Now, how will they cut
through this elegantly—
Are you hurt?
Here, a handkerchief, Sir.
You should go to the
medical office, just in case.
What a let-down.
So they're just a bunch of
country bumpkins in the end, huh.
Don't think you can set foot
in our school covered in mud.
Get K-212 off the list.
Oh, no... These people are
going to fail because of me...
Um, I'm sorr—
I thought this might happen,
so good thing we brought
a change of clothes!
Who in their right mind
would think this might happen?!
This gray suit really suits
the school better, right?
I was almost ashamed of myself for
wearing that hillbilly clothing earlier.
Thank you for giving us the chance
to change our clothes, boy.
Huh? O-Okay...
They even covered for him too?!
Smart!
Smart and elegant!
Curse you, Loid Forger!
Master, we're examining
the children, though...
Shut it!
The apple doesn't
fall far from the tree!
Right...
The parents of a child with 31
points must also be worth 31 points!
I'll take the wind out of their sails...
Look out!
The animals have escaped
from the barn!
You're really going
that far, Eden College?!
Hey, don't push me!
So they want to witness
our true nature in an emergency?
We'll be playing right into
their hands if we panic.
Don't break Formation D!
We must also show
compassion to the animals!
Hey!
Who told them to go that far?!
Huh?
Wasn't it you?!
So this is...
A real happening?!
We've got VIPs among the candidates!
Stop them before someone gets hurt!
I'm the Vice Minister of Business
at the Ministry of Finance!
Like hell I'd care!
I'm the director of the Central Bank!
Wait! Dad!
- Good job, son!
- You okay?
Loid!
Anya's not feeling well again...
The crowd's panicking hit her, huh?
This is no longer an exam, damn it!
That must be the pack's leader.
I need to use my gun
if I'm to stop him...
Wait...
Please hold Anya for me.
Yor?
W-W-Wait, you got it wrong!
I used to take yoga classes and learn the
secret to make someone stop moving!
So I thought it might
work on a cow too...
Please don't back away!
The cow... is scared.
Don't go near him, Anya!
Don't worry, Sir.
Nothing to be scared of.
What are you...
Everyone's going back home.
Looks like it.
Good thing nobody was injured.
E-Ele-Elelelele...
Elrerlelrlelrelrlerle...
Elegance!
M-Master?!
Forger!
If I recall, he's the Housemaster...
Is he the director for the exam?
Th-Thank you.
You have my gratitude.
Also, I hereby announce defeat for today.
In order to address the situation,
the interview exam will be postponed.
Come back here again
after you've freshened up.
You are all qualified to
have a go at our school.
Sir...
Looks like we're safe
from getting flunked.
Thank you for your concern.
But worry not.
I knew this might happen,
so we brought another
change of clothes.
They're way beyond elegant!
They're so adamant, it's scaring me!
The Forgers have successfully
made it to the interview.
You don't even know that,
yet you're applying to our school?!
Well? Speak up!
Ah... Um... Uh...
Thank you very much.
What's with your answer back there?!
I've been a spy for many years now.
And today's the first time
I ever feel nervous.
Even when I had to infiltrate a
nefarious terrorist organization...
And even when I had a close call in
stopping a large missile from launching...
I'd never felt this suffocated before.
This must be the fear of leaving
success or failure to others...
Forger family, please come inside.
Yes.
This is, without a doubt...
...Operation Strix's
most critical moment!
Excuse us.
So you're finally here, Forger.
The Forger family...
...shall win this information warfare!
We would like to interview
the parents first, if that's okay.
(Walter Evans (59))
The Headmaster of the Fifth Hall, Malcom.
(Headmaster of the Fifth Hall, Malcom)
(Subject(s) Taught: National Language)
Warm-hearted, honest, and conservative.
(Personality: Warm-hearted,)
He's also well-trusted by his students.
(honest, and conservative)
Answering him in a sensible
answer in an honest manner...
...seemed to guarantee extra points.
I understand that you two are remarried,
but what was your relationship like before?
Starting off with a
personal question, huh.
It's only natural for a school with
a focus on family backgrounds, I suppose.
I met her at the tailor who also
handles your school's uniforms.
I was attracted by
her dignified appearance...
Though I had been cautious
since my ex-wife's death
and I had to take care of my daughter...
But we hit it off over the
course of our conversations.
She's a very kind,
family-oriented person.
I thought she could get
along well with my daughter.
Hmm... What about you, Ma'am?
Um...
He's a wonderful man
with a great love for his daughter.
He's also been caring for me as well...
It's good to hear that
you're a happy family.
You've got a pretty face, but why choose
a widower out of all people, Ma'am?
That's a petulant
question, Mr. Swan.
(Murdoch Swan (47))
The Housemaster of the Second Hall, Cline.
(Housemaster of the Second Hall, Cline)
(Subject(s) Taught: Economics)
The only son of the previous headmaster,
(Personality: Arrogant, greedy, and insensitive)
he was appointed by nepotism.
Prideful, greedy, and insensitive.
Just last month,
he lost custody of his daughter...
...when his wife forced him a divorce.
After listening to
the interviews so far,
he seems jealous of
the interviewees' families
and makes all kinds of blatant comments.
It'd be wise to not provoke him.
Let's move on to the next question, then.
Could you please tell us
why you're set on our school?
The reason for this...
...is to get closer to my target, Desmond!
...is the high level
of teachers in your school.
I believe there is no
other school in the world...
...that can teach my daughter not only
quality knowledge and education,
but also patriotic ideals,
and the elite spirit than the proud
teachers at Eden College.
(Henry Henderson (66))
Elegant indeed, Loid Forger.
(Headmaster of the Third Hall, Cecil)
(Subject(s) Taught: History)
You are indeed the man I've been expecting.
(Personality: Elegant)
So, from your point of view,
what do you think of your daughter?
Please tell us about
her strengths and shortcomings.
Anya is a very curious girl.
Although her tendency to poke her nose in
everything can be seen as a shortcoming,
but she's a very clever girl nonetheless.
Clever? Really?
Sometimes she says or does things
as if she can see right through my mind,
which surprises me.
Her other shortcoming is
that she's a picky eater, I suppose.
All right... So do you have any
education policies of your own, Ma'am?
Just as I've practiced...
As you're already aware of,
I'm not the biological mother of Anya.
In the beginning, I tend to
pamper her to get her to like me,
but I'm trying to be strict every
so often for her future's sake as well.
You mentioned earlier that
your daughter is a picky eater.
What do you usually cook
at home, if we may?
Huh? C-Cook...?
Um...
I usually do the cooking at home.
Of course, there are times when
my wife cooks if I'm busy with work.
Though she hasn't
even once done that.
No way!
How can a wife who
doesn't cook actually exist?!
You should be strict with yourself first
before you are with your daughter!
We all have our own
strengths and weaknesses.
She loves cleaning so much
to leave no speck of dust roaming free,
and is impeccable when it comes
to looking after a child.
Huh... They both are what women are
supposed to do in the first place, though.
That's...
I-It's okay, Loid!
Now, now...
That's right.
I need to calm down.
What are you so upset about, Twilight?
She's not even your real
wife in the first place.
A lovey-dovey, good-looking couple?
It makes my skin crawl.
I'll just be picky
and expose their defects!
It'd be unfair if we were
to let these lot...
...enroll at this school.
He's hating Father and Mother!
I need to do my best!
L-Let's move on to the
questions for the daughter now.
Here it comes!
Could you tell us your
name and address, Miss?
I'm Anya Forger!
My address is in Berlint West...
Park Avenue 1...
28!
What do you do on the weekends?
I go to an art gallery, and eat an opera...
All right. So far it's exactly
the same as we've practiced.
What do you want to do
once you're in school?
Um... Um...
What should I say, again?
In my case,
I'll infiltrate the social gathering first,
and uncover the secret plans...
...of the enemy organization,
and Desmond, their boss.
I want to uncover the secrets
of the organization's boss!
What are you saying, kid?!
The organization's boss...?
Do you mean the headmaster?
Excuse me. My daughter can be
more ambitious than most...
And she's so curious about the headmaster,
who has climbed his way to the top.
Oh...
That attitude of trying to learn from her
predecessors at such a young age....
Quite elegant, if I say so.
Then, could you tell the name
of that headmaster, Miss?
Um... B-Be...
Yes. Benedict Ivan Goodfeller.
Benedikt Ifan Goodfella!
Right... And what do you think you
should do to make it big like he did?
I'll survive the jungle all by myself,
and train my mental through
a series of death-defying tests!
That's what the main character of
yesterday's spy show was doing.
Wh-What firm resolve!
I think I might have
underestimated this girl!
You don't need to go so far, though.
Let's change the topic, then.
What does your father do for a living?
Sp—
Splendid doctor with a splendid heart!
Hm? Is your nose getting stuffy?
Then, what do you think
of your new mother?
She's so kind!
But she's scary sometimes!
If you gave your father and
mother a score, what would it be?
A perfect 100!
I love both my father and
mother because they are fun!
I want to be with them forever!
Tch... Come on,
I don't need to hear that.
So who scores higher?
Your old mama or your new mama?
Mr. Swan...!
You have a problem?
I implore you to change the question.
No, I won't.
If she won't answer,
you'll lose points.
I don't know how she
ended up in the orphanage,
but I'm sure her real parents are already...
Anya...
Mama...
Oh, I see!
So you prefer your old mama, huh!
You're way out of line, Sir!
Yor, calm down.
But he...
We have to endure it for the mission.
We have a lot of boarding students
who have moved away from their parents.
You won't make it at this school...
...if you're crying over
some trivial matters!
What does it matter
if you're being slandered?
- We're only a pretend family in the end.
- Trivial...?
Trivial, you say...?
That's all there is to it.
What's wrong, Ma'am?
Don't bite me just because
you lost to his previous wife!
Phew... That was satisfy—
Endure it, Twilight!
Excuse me.
There was a mosquito on the table.
Thank you for today, gentlemen.
Hey! Where are you going?!
We're not done yet!
If it's your educational philosophy
to disregard the feelings of children,
then looks like I've
chosen the wrong school.
You dare to insult our school?!
Come on, you two.
Have a good day, gentlemen.
Don't think you can
set foot in our school again!
That's going too far, Mr. Swan.
Are you unhappy with my methods?
Although he's no longer in charge,
- Now, now...
- my father's influence is still well.
You'd better watch your mouth next time.
Hey! Call in the next one already!
...Than the proud
teachers at Eden College.
I'm not qualified to be an educator
if I only cower behind authority.
I wonder who actually
insulted our school.
Huh?!
Quite an elegant punch,
if I say so myself.
I hope you can see me as
a proud teacher of Eden again, Forger.
We're definitely going to fail...
I'll brew us tea or something...
Yet another blunder as a spy...
I showed unneeded
emotions on the mission.
Father.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I didn't do better on the exam.
It's okay, Anya.
You don't have to apologise.
You don't want to go to that school, right?
Anya wants to go to school...
Hm?
I have to go to school,
or the mission will fail...
And you'll leave me...
Anya...
If she doesn't pass,
then this life will be...
Well...
I was just concerned about this
interfering with my work, that's all...
Hmm... But honestly,
there's no way we could pass.
I-I'm sure it'll work out somehow!
Please have faith!
The old men with the glasses and
one glass were nice people!
She's right!
I'm sure they'll cover for us!
Let's believe in them!
A spy should believe
in nothing but himself.
He must always prepare for
the worst case scenario.
I want to be with them forever!
But, yeah...
Maybe I should...
Right.
Whatever will be, will be.
For now, let's just say that we've
done a great job on the exam.
Just... for now...
To the bright future of our family!
Something just fell!
Our family picture fell...
It did...
How will the mission turn out?
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
(Mission: 5 - Pass or Fail?)